README.md, before:

Simple discord bot for Sonarr/Radarr integration.

#### Setup:

Config.py is looking for env variables to define things for the program.  Set them up in a .env file in the base
directory, or establish them in the environment before starting the program.

To get your discord token:  https://github.com/reactiflux/discord-irc/wiki/Creating-a-discord-bot-&-getting-a-token 

#### Commands:

Only implemented command so far is request - just type "{id}".

This works for both TV shows and movies.  For TV shows, it's the tvdb ID of a show - to find it, go to https://www.thetvdb.com/ and search for your show.  (For example: https://www.thetvdb.com/series/lost ).  On this page you'll find "The TVDB.com Series ID" with a value of 73739.  To request, Lost, you'll type:

`73739`

in a channel defined by SONARR_CHANNELS in the config.

Similarly for movies:  it uses the tmdb ID of a show.  To find it, go to https://www.themoviedb.org/ and  search for your movie.  (For example: https://www.themoviedb.org/movie/503919-the-lighthouse ).  In the URL of the movie, you'll see a number - in this case, 503919.  This is the tmdb ID.  To request The Lighthouse, you'll type:

`503919`

in a channel defined by RADARR_CHANNELS in the config.

#### More coming soon.

Commit message:

Add search command; rework command handling (#5)
* Add pycache to gitignore

* Add search command; rework command handling

Removes most of the logic from disc.py and moves each command
into its own module. disc.py now passes messages to each command
module, one at a time, until a command generates a reply.

Removes the distinction between sonarr and radarr commands. I wanted
to unify them in preparation for DM support.

* Update README

* Add unit tests for request and search commands

Not really sure what I'm doing with unit tests in Python but here's a
start.

README.md, after:

Simple discord bot for Sonarr/Radarr integration.

#### Setup:

Config.py is looking for env variables to define things for the program.  Set them up in a .env file in the base
directory, or establish them in the environment before starting the program.

To get your discord token:  https://github.com/reactiflux/discord-irc/wiki/Creating-a-discord-bot-&-getting-a-token 

#### Commands:

##### Search

The default command is search. Any text the bot receives that isn't routed to another command is treated as a search string. The bot will reply with search results. Each result can be requested by reacting to the message with the corresponding number emoji.

##### Request

This works for both TV shows and movies.  For TV shows, it's the tvdb ID of a show - to find it, go to https://www.thetvdb.com/ and search for your show.  (For example: https://www.thetvdb.com/series/lost ).  On this page you'll find "The TVDB.com Series ID" with a value of 73739.  To request, Lost, you'll type:

`tvdb:73739`

Similarly for movies:  it uses the tmdb ID of a show.  To find it, go to https://www.themoviedb.org/ and  search for your movie.  (For example: https://www.themoviedb.org/movie/503919-the-lighthouse ).  In the URL of the movie, you'll see a number - in this case, 503919.  This is the tmdb ID.  To request The Lighthouse, you'll type:

`tmdb:503919`

If the channel is set in SONARR_CHANNELS or RADARR_CHANNELS in the config, the `tvdb:` and `tmdb:` prefixes can be omitted.

#### More coming soon.

### Testing

Run unit tests with `python -m unittest discover -v`.
